Add version reports to pyct (#80)
pyviz-dev/pyct: README.md

setup.py is run. The way this works is likely to change in the near
future, but is provided here as the first step towards
unifying/simplifying the maintenance of a number of pyviz projects.

## pyct report

> Provides a way to check the package versions in the current environment using a console script (entry point). Once pyct is installed, you can run `pyct report [packages]`. The packages can include the name of any Python package (returning the `__version__`), along with the special cases `python`, `conda`, or `pip` (returning the version of the command-line tool) or `system` (returning the OS version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a way to check the package versions in the current environment using:
  1. A console script (entry point): `pyct report [packages]`, or
  2. A python function: `import pyct; pyct.report(packages)`
  
The python function can be particularly useful for e.g. jupyter notebook users, since it is the packages in the current kernel that we usually care about (not those in the environment from which jupyter notebook server/lab was launched).
  
Note that `packages` above can include the name of any Python package (returning the `__version__`), along with the special cases `python`, `conda`, or `pip` (returning the version of the command-line tool) or `system` (returning the OS version).
```

## pyct report

Provides a way to check the package versions in the current environment using:
  1. A console script (entry point): `pyct report [packages]`, or
  2. A python function: `import pyct; pyct.report(packages)`
  
The python function can be particularly useful for e.g. jupyter notebook users, since it is the packages in the current kernel that we usually care about (not those in the environment from which jupyter notebook server/lab was launched).
  

> Note that `packages` above can include the name of any Python package (returning the `__version__`), along with the special cases `python`, `conda`, or `pip` (returning the version of the command-line tool) or `system` (returning the OS version).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that `packages` above can include the name of any Python package (returning the `__version__`), along with the special cases `python` or `conda` (returning the version of the command-line tool) or `system` (returning the OS version).
```

(`pip` used to be in the list, but because that is also the name of an importable Python library, it doesn't actually report which version of the command-line tool is in use.)
